already in the room of today gastronomic appointment that must have a class of the course of
extension salads appreciate idea you will know what to do a little
lettuce
I like more
but highlighting that cuts in the mound of sausage where the team room is
at this moment
is that in fact it is not salted online dye and salads with the pt
so it's not that business a more light salad and soft rock basic
but with a little vinegar salt
there is one more thing
it's a very elaborate move
because I gave the name secret salads to the police
we understand that everything has to be as long as possible
but it is difficult to find an easy tomato target
and other vegetables and veggies
We are going to talk now with the way that will explain the people.
What's going on here, how does this preparation
What are they doing now? We're alive.
It is not that we are preparing a mission, but it is always good to
well-prepared political cinema salads from the point of view
but the same with my heart
not that he did not prepare the trip to the trophy will prepare
one of the ingredients that give voting rights to do in the room
how to explain or interior test the ana's room
in the living room also that the armchair in front of my house has no cure
the recording is harmful
and you can be sure it was not delayed when the staff enrolled in this
extension course I just want to know what it is that makes a person look for a
pay cut
I will stay home
wait to see sr
so increase new after toll tolls in the city
the adam singer did stretching
I prefer to look different but for that city there will also be more actions
to share among friends katie led to make prognostics
these attitudes
this vast option to import cheap bullet fatal
for years the spoken years of the course then as resolved afterwards there are many
rain
Let's be frank.
around here
I want to see you
see how it is now with this text but the teacher of the course of salads
enjoy
this idea
for the people they talked to those who spoke nothing searching for something
different and that's what they're finding here
and this we put them for well differentiated salads
At the beginning of the recording, they asked where the sausages are going.
all the grandchildren then to take advantage of different ones to not be in the
saladinha by the health base to the fascinating
so we have here today a room that originally provided for a salad
of the fritz portela formation was called June
they are full-bodied salads in this wing of the preparation stages prepared
leader in two wells
you will start then the rooms are ready and able to boo will do
tasting them, but at this point of
I will make
we will also give a soundtrack recipe offered here
in education and training this kaká presents especially lose one
little your foot
as is also the preparation this is a variation of the salad caprese it
special 'because she has
last dome sauce
then the was the Madeiran she jumps every year
in olive oil olive oil
seasoned with herbal salt
there a layer of tomatoes a layer of buffalo mozzarella and our wall of a
dome above
to finish then is this year caprese salad personal
on this island you're going to check out now
ingredients if you have a method of preparation
write down the ingredients
150 grams of very severe of buffalo
two gaucho tomatoes
two medium eggplants
the arugula sauce
150 grams of pollen are on the side
150 ml olive oil
2 garlic cloves
salt to taste
the multistrada it the tomato and eggplant should be cut into slices
with varying thicknesses
season the eggplant slices with saulo and church in a frying pan until
to be golden
Assemble the salad alternating the slices and placing pesto sauce on top
then you're ready for the special caprese salad '
tasting time
You're at the end of the course, the time has come for the staff to prove it
the productions
the cinnamon salads
the phoenix star
the defense is more than open cheap much of it dare to do things
also
and here on the staff tomato lettuce smooth miles with schemes that
has one that this sector has pineapple
I have corporate sponsorship had in the face of the scene
the team now have approval to date
but let's see
still this year
then to this high in the room as promised
before the time came
I the comments
the salads
part of the cost
to participate in the programs
It's very easy to enter the room @fepaesleme
dr